I'm going to show you how to make a
summer gin punch punch these are great
ways to enjoy gin you can you know use
whatever seasonal fruit you have you can
make them up in big bowls if you've got
a group of friends around or you can do
it as an individual serve and that's
what I'm going to show you how to do now
first of all I'll put in three chunks of
pineapple and three or four raspberries
a small dashes sugar syrup
then using the end of my bar spoon I'm
gonna crush those down and I want to
totally pulverize the fruit I just want
to break them up gently so we start to
get some of the juices flowing then
angad's a small dash of orange juice a
small dash of lemon juice
it's a maraschino liqueur and two
measures of Beefeater gin get some ice
in there
and I'm gonna give it a stir
then I'm gonna have to see the entire
contents into a large wine grass give
that picture a little bit whites and
then top it up with soda water to
garnish this you can use whatever fruit
or herbs you have lying around I'm gonna
put some nice big sprigs fresh mint in
there a couple more raspberries on the
top and some short straws
I should summer Jim hunch